well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
something that we can all learn
from trump's phone call to georgia
um
there are moments in that phone call
where it certainly sounds
like the president believes his own
propaganda
believes his own rhetoric
it's something that uh is common
among authoritarians of his ilk
they become so removed they surround
themselves with
their most fervent supporters so they
believe
their rhetoric is true
and at times it creates humorous
situations
there were a few on that phone call
at the same time it's also dangerous on
that phone
call trump's talking about a video
and the people from georgia are like you
know we can give you the whole video
we can give you the unedited video you
know i have a link for you he's like no
i have a link for you
why like i've never actually heard
cognitive dissonance before i've never
had an audible example but it certainly
occurred there
he knew he was about to get information
that directly opposed
a closely held belief and he pushed it
away
he because he believes his own rhetoric
because he believes his own propaganda
he has created this entire theory
that somehow the dems
rigged it so he lost while republicans
overall did pretty well
that doesn't even make sense they're
going to go through the trouble of
rigging it
but throw the votes for every other race
to the republicans
that's that would be odd it seems really
unlikely seems much more likely
that a lot of republicans who aren't
always
consistent voters showed up
to vote against him but they still
maintained party loyalty
i know some like that i know a guy who
voted for matt gates
but voted against trump
that's probably what happened george is
just not that into him
but because he believes his own rhetoric
believes his own slogans his own
propaganda
he can't accept that this happens
a lot happens to cops how many times
have you heard it
police have the most dangerous job in
the world no they don't it's not even in
the top ten
but because they've said that so much
they begin to act as if it's true
so something that we can all take away
from that phone call
is to be very conscientious of the
slogans
and the rhetoric that you allow in your
life
and the slogans and rhetoric you use
because eventually you may start to
believe them
you may start to hold it as a core value
if you repeat something often enough or
you hear
something often enough you
begin to accept it as true
that on some level may have happened to
the president
doesn't excuse his actions your man
still has to be held accountable for his
words
but it certainly appears that that
played into it
because some of it you could tell he
truly believed
his crowd sizes were big his audience
was energetic
he was getting fed those polls those
internet polls
as if they were real so he believed it
and then the rug got pulled out from
underneath
be aware of the rhetoric you use
be aware of the slogans
you allow to be said to you repeatedly
make sure they're positive
make sure they spur you to action
in a positive manner if you
want to be the change
you want to see in the world make sure
that you surround yourself
with that kind of rhetoric that kind of
slogan
the the negative slogans the negative
propaganda
it has a purpose to energize the base
but once they're energized you have to
uh
you have to keep moving you have to
create something with that energy
otherwise it turns in on itself
anyway it's just a thought
y'all are ready for the video then
because words have power
be careful of the ones you allow in your
life
y'all have a good night